If not for his tharkuri behaviours, we definitely won't be like how we are today. Indha potta paiyyanukku laam thanks solanum nu thala ezhuthu but ok.

Ok now actually coming to matter.
I know we have not reached THATT pinacle of friendship yet. But thanks really for being with me whenever I have felt down or pissed at certain things. You wont react properly to that anol ik but I would have some sort of an aardhal after pouring it out to you. 
You are a really nice girl which I'm not sure if you really get validations for (except Shreya who keeps jalra-ing frequently). You kandipa deserve some sort of validation from ppl, whether you want it or not.
Maybe I'm wrong but according to me, you actually have lot of patience and you are a really good listener. I know you might be judging internally, but at least you won't show it velila. You would wait until the other person finishes talking before giving your opinion, which would obviously make them feel welcomed to talk to you. For me personally there have been so many instances (infact nowadays literally eppome) where I feel comfortable and interested sharing it with you than others (applicable for both happy and sad stuffs).
There are so many things which I feel so jolly and nice to talk only with you. One such main thing is family relatives gossips. That day was so nice and I felt very awwy-woww when we first started that convo in gmeet.<adhukku approm ana ozhunga andha maari in-depth pannave illa nyabgam vechukko>
Unnoda appa paavam unna tolerate panrathukku nu evlo na sonnaalum, you are actually a very very nice good daughter for your parents. I can see that you sometimes don't like stuff they tell you which is common but you always end up obeying them and being nice which is so sweet. Continue being the same and increase the formality level of the convos between you and appa such that after a while, you'll become his official colleague🫱🏻‍🫲🏻

I'm thinking of talking about some negatives but I am honestly not able to get any solid thing.
Idhu na romba naalaave sollindu irruken but yea.. The way you-shreya behave after both of you meet like as if the world consists of only the 2 of you and no one else exist. Idhu advaith also enkitta sollirkaan and yea naane unkitta idha sollirken.. This is not technically like "blaming"..But it's more of a ME thing, as I feel sad not even getting those 10-15 minutes to be with you after almost 4-5 days, when we could have actually met properly.
Yea another thing is that, eventhough I have mentioned that you are very understanding, sometimes I also get the alternate thought. Its rare but the frequency seems to have increased in the recent past. I think giving an example would be funny because you would be seeing this site even after 2-3 months or even years and appo unnaku na example la kudukara particular day kooda nyabgam irrukaadhu so yes example laam venam. Considering the fact that you understand what I'm trying to say 85% of the times, I hope you get this also apdiye


There definitely can't be a "replacement" for her, but I'm really grateful and thankful to have you in my life rn where me and shreya have konjam distanced not being like before. 

Sorry if this is too long. But I just felt you deserve all this and even more <3
Thanks for your existence Nithya. 
I know I'm not your 1st, 2nd or maybe not even in the top 5. But you honestly mean so so so so much to me and I hope this website would've been a good check on it.

Once again,
HAPPYYY BIRTHDAY❤️❤️
Ly konjam (sry but until this line there ws 0 cringe so idha mattum tolerate panniko bye)